THREAD: Is it possible to get 100% financial aid and is CUNY worth it?
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/CUNY/comments/1fcypzx/is_it_possible_to_get_100_financial_aid_and_is/

POST:
I am planning to go to either Lehman College or College of Staten Island. Is not possible to get almost 100% tuition fee covered? And is it even worth it? I am an international, currently working in the US, but I would love to stay for studies after my contract ends. I could also go back to Europe and study there, but I love school spirit and education system here. The only problem for me is money. I don't know if the degree from CUNY or some low-tier school in Boston will be worth it.

---
COMMENT by Blondie-Brownie:
100% financial aid? It depends on your economic situation, you know that yourself and they will tell you after getting accepted. Multiple things to consider about their educational worth. Which CUNY College? then the field of study? But I always say it all depends on you. If you go to Harvard and you drop out? Was it worth it? ( Lehman has a beautiful campus and public transportation makes an easy commute).

---
COMMENT by Exact_Field7215:
Green card holders and citizens are eligible for federal financial aid. I'm not sure about TAP; there might be exceptions for international students at the state level. Also, in-state tuition only applies to green card holders and citizens. This was the case a few years ago, but I'm not sure if anything has changed. Since the policy will be the same across all CUNY schools, you can contact any CUNY financial aid office and/or admissions department for further clarification.

---
COMMENT by Brooklyn_5883:
I believe to be admitted as an international student to any US university and obtain a student visa you have to prove that you have the financial means to pay for your studies.

CUNY schools are good academically.

---
COMMENT by MinimalGoat:
Depends on what degree you want to study. Different schools in CUNY excel in different majors. Like Baruch is known for business, ccny for engineering and sciences, and hunter for its sciences like nursing. So definitely research that! CUNY is great and it is always what you make out of it because no one is going to ask you to do anything outside of studying.
I graduated from CUNY debt free knowing I was going to pursue higher education and I would do it again if I had the option to honestly, just maybe be a little more outgoing and also hurdle over the whole covid situation. I'm studying in the medical field and I know MANY people that have graduated from my year that have went to medical school, and landed great jobs in hospitals, and huge corporations like google and facebook.

Good luck!

---
COMMENT by KittyDietCoke:
International students are not eligible for fafsa, maybe tap if you have resided in the state for 12 months